Hmm, did you hear?
Qinglong actually made a move on Su Chibi's auction?
Replaced the energy stone with a normal stone
Hit the Morgan family hard in the face
Well, it is said that he also left a black card 2 billion
Fair enough.
2 billion bought it. Fair
He can't buy the face of the Morgan family
Now the Morgan family is chasing him all over the world
Said that the experts who participated in the activity plan this time
They were all destroyed by the Azure Dragon Group
That's their stupid choice to face the Qinglong head-on
What can I ask for?
To deal with Qinglong, we have to start from his soft spot killer
This woman is his weakness
Not bad. Well, kill Qinglong, he's yours
By the way, is your voice simulator debugged?
Don't worry, the sound processed by the imitator
Similar to Qinglong himself
Can reach 80%
Then do it tonight
Did you miss me, baby?
What's wrong with you?
Talk nicely
Why are you using an unfamiliar number?
What about the previous number, hehe?
My phone is dead.
On the way, I met a few friends who were dragged to drink
Do you want to pick me up later?
Send me the address and I'll come pick you up right away